fix: Allow AuthType None to use valid API tokens (#6247)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/using-unleash/deploy/configuring-unleash.md

  - `type` / `AUTH_TYPE`: `string` —  What kind of authentication to use. Possible values
    - `open-source` - Sign in with username and password. This is the default value.
    - `custom` - If implementing your own authentication hook, use this
    - `demo` - Only requires an email to sign in (was default in v3)

>     - `none` - _Deprecated_ Turn off authentication all together. If no API token is proved towards /api/client or /api/frontend you will receive configuration for the "default" environment. We generally recommend to use the `demo` type for simple unsecure usage of Unleash. This auth-type has many known limitations, particularly related to personalized capabilities such as "favourites" and "notifications. 

Reviewer: typo: proved -> provided

Reviewer: in code we use favorites not favourites so I'd stay consistent

>     - `none` - _Deprecated_ Turn off authentication all together. If no API token is provided towards /api/client or /api/frontend you will receive configuration for the "default" environment. We generally recommend to use the `demo` type for simple unsecure usage of Unleash. This auth-type has many known limitations, particularly related to personalized capabilities such as "favorites" and "notifications. 

Reviewer 2: Good update. Got a few small suggestions:

```suggestion
    - `none` - _Deprecated_ Turn off authentication completely. If no API token is provided towards /`api/client` or `/api/frontend` you will receive configuration for the "default" environment. We generally recommend you use the `demo` type for simple, insecure usage of Unleash. This auth type has many known limitations, particularly related to personalized capabilities such as favorites and [notifications](../../reference/notifications.md). 
```
